company do you think those Bob Dole ads
with Brittany were creepy wait till you
see McCain screaming at his penis stand
up for me don't write for mystery stand
up doer will stop saying Sarah Palin
looks like that lady from Saturday Night
Live Sarah Palin looks like that lady
from king of the hill
and finally noodle Barack Obama has to
give comedians something to work with
seriously here's the guy whose mouths at
not cheating on his wife not stupid not
angry and not a phony who needs an
asshole like that around to explore and
what makes it even harder for comedian
senator is on top of being perfect
you're black and liberals are afraid to
laugh at anything with a black person in
it which is silly because when i do an
obama joke it's not about all blacks
just like when i do a George Bush joke
it's not a swipe of all retarded people
Oh George Bush I mean sure he ruined
Banking Housing in the auto industry but
the state of the comedy business was
strong and people need to laugh at their
president it's right in the Constitution
I for one do not want to go through the
next four years sphincter ring up every
time someone makes a joke about a black
man who happens to be the president if
you can't laugh at a guy who went to
Columbia Harvard the Senate and the
White House and who happens to be black
the racist is you and Senator Obama I
beg you for your own sake give the
haters out there something to make fun
about you something that can serve to
draw out a lot of their venom in a way
that won't do any real harm for one
thing you could stop being so thin what
are you trying to get a gap ad go ahead
meet with Burger King without
preconditions
I know Eurasian day I want to see
president rerun I wish this about
quitting smoking don't quit smoke more I
mean we get it you don't need us but it
would be nice to know you needed
something and for God's sakes could you
black it up a little white people love
celebrity black success put a giant
shark tank in the White House
get a revolving heart-shaped bed
tell visiting world leaders this is
where I make my babies at and if this
still doesn't appease the haters senator
your ace in the hole is you have a
half-brother in Africa who could be your
ticket to vulnerability world leaders
are often humanized by idiot sidekicks
Jimmy Carter had Billy Carter and Bill
Clinton had Roger Clinton and Dick
Cheney had George Bush
and since no one knows what your African
brothers life is really like you bring
them over here is the poverty-stricken
relative who gets to live with his
American family kind of a French Fresh
Prince of bel-air only with black people
America will end up the president
learning to get in touch with his roots
while your brother learns he can't chase
the press around the rose garden with a
stick with a monkey skull on how I
already will ensue when you tell him
we're having the French ambassador for
dinner he leads the friendship so loosen
up America let's end the war on humor
the USA needs to lol because you know
we're going to be facing this problem
with a woman president soon enough and
we're definitely going to need our sense
of humor in 2016 after we inaugurate
president Elizabeth the hassle all right
I want to thank my guess Matt guy Tim
Robbins Carolee for our collaboration
Oh